use clause does not support graph or property shards (#1447)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/clauses/use.adoc

== USE clause when connected to a standard or system database

> All databases and aliases are valid graph reference targets except link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/database-administration/aliases/manage-aliases-composite-databases/[composite databases and their constituents] as well as graph and property shards of a link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/scalability/sharded-property-databases/creating-sharded-databases/[sharded database].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All databases and aliases are valid graph reference targets, except for link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/database-administration/aliases/manage-aliases-composite-databases/[composite databases and their constituents] as well as graph and property shards of a link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/scalability/sharded-property-databases/overview/[sharded property database].
```
